[Advanced Projectile] Add detail page with link to video tutorial (#73)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/extensions/advanced-projectile/details.md

---
title: Details
---
# Advanced Projectile

Control how a projectile moves including speed, acceleration, distance, and lifetime.

> Tips:
> 
> - To simulate a rocket, use a starting speed of 0 and a positive acceleration (max speed may also be used)

Reviewer: Titles are better to quickly scan the documentation.
```suggestion
## Simulate a rocket
A rocket can be simulated with:
- a starting speed of 0
- a positive acceleration

!!! tip
   A max speed may also be defined to avoid the projectile to go too fast.
```

- To simulate a hand grenade, use a high starting speed, a negative acceleration, and a non-zero lifetime
- If the object is not moving, acceleration will be towards the direction it is facing
- If the object is moving, acceleration will be in the direction the object is moving

!!! tip

    Learn [how to install new extensions](/gdevelop5/extensions/search) by following a step-by-step guide.

**Game example**

[Open in GDevelop](https://editor.gdevelop.io/?project=example://advanced-projectile){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

**Tutorial video**

> ![type:video](https://www.youtube.com/embed/5S0TG-Yf_b0)

Reviewer: Maybe a short sentence to know what to expect? (unless it's clear with the thumbnail)

---
title: Details
---
# Advanced Projectile

Control how a projectile moves including speed, acceleration, distance, and lifetime.

## Simulate a rocket

A rocket can be simulated with:

- Starting speed of 0
- Positive acceleration

!!! tip

    Max speed may also be defined to prevent the projectile from going too fast.

## Simulate a thrown weapon

A thrown weapon, such as a hand grenade, can be simulated with:

- High starting speed
- Negative acceleration (object will slow down and stop)
- Non-zero lifetime (object will be automatically deleted)

> ## Direction of acceleration
> 
> If the object is not moving:
> 
> - Acceleration will be towards the direction (angle) it is facing.
> 
> If the object is moving:
> 
> - Acceleration will be in the direction the object is moving. 
> - This enables projectiles to keep moving even if they are not rotated in the direction of movement

Reviewer: According to "Write clear, action-oriented headings"
https://wiki.gdevelop.io/gdevelop5/community/contribute-to-the-wiki/

Sections must focus on a user intent to do something. They should start with a verb.

```suggestion
## Set projectile direction

There are 2 ways of setting the projectile direction:
- When the projectile is not moving, it will accelerate towards the direction (angle) it is facing.
- When the projectile is moving, it will accelerate in the direction it is moving (according to forces). 

This enables projectiles to keep moving even if they are not rotated in the direction of movement.
```

!!! tip

>     Learn [how to install new extensions](/gdevelop5/extensions/search) by following a step-by-step guide.

Reviewer: This should be moved in the 1st section.

Author: Thanks, done.

## Game example

Try out this extension in a game example:

[Open in GDevelop](https://editor.gdevelop.io/?project=example://advanced-projectile){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Tutorial video

Watch how this extension works and learn how to use it in your own game.

> ![type:video](https://www.youtube.com/embed/5S0TG-Yf_b0)

Reviewer: We often put videos at the top. Do you think it should be done here too?

Author: I'm not going to complain about that!  :)
But in truth, the tutorial video is the main reason for this specific page.
